docs: add OpenAPI request parameter description [DHIS2-15893] (#1235)
dhis2/dhis2-docs: src/developer/web-api/openapi.md

* `integration`
* `login`
* `query`
* `management`

All endpoints that generate a OpenAPI document support the following optional 
request parameters:

### `failOnNameClash`
When set to `true`, two or more types of same simple (unqualified) name are considered clashing and the generation fails with an error. 

When set `false` (default), name clashes are resolved by adding numbers to the simple name to make each of them unique.

> As a result the names are not predictable or stable. Merging with documentation based on name will be broken. 

Reviewer: I don't understand

> Merging with documentation based on name will be broken. 
This option is meant as a preview feature. 

What do you mean by `merging`? Me generating the docs and committing them to a git repo where they are kept?

Author: No, I was referring to the markdown documents from which we extract the description texts. The keys will no longer line up and thus no description will be found.

Reviewer: Ah got it 😁 Maybe this makes it more clear then

```suggestion
As a result the names are not predictable or stable. Merging simple names with their intended markdown documentation based on name will be broken. 
```

> This option is meant as a preview feature. 
> Request made to produce a document that is used further should be generated with the parameter set to `true`.

Reviewer: I am not sure I understand `used further` here. If I understand correctly maybe this

```suggestion
This option is meant as a preview feature which should only be used during development.
```

is clearer 🤔

### `failOnInconsistency`
When set to `true`, a semantic inconsistency in the declaration causes the generation to fail with an error.
Usually this indicates a programming mistake. For example, declaring a field both as required and having a default value.

When set to `false`, a semantic inconsistency is logged as warning but the generation proceeds.

> This might produce a document that contratics itself semantically but is valid formally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This might produce a document that contradicts itself semantically but is valid formally.
```

typo
